You are talking nonsense.
How could my son-in-law buy me a fake dress?
This one of yours is fake.
I think you are just jealous that he is richer than you.
New Moon, you say your son-in-law has no money, forget it
This character is still bad
You tell Cai Cai to leave him quickly
It was your son-in-law who cheated
Buy a counterfeit to trick your mother-in-law
It means he has no money.
He's pretending to be rich.
good boy
You can't prove today that my clothes are fake.
I make you look good
What's up?
This is a picture from Story Group.
The clothes on you
Although the style and color are exactly the same as him
But the pattern is different.
This one is fake.
This one is real.
Auntie has always been your son-in-law
Go back and settle the bill with him
This unconscionable thing
Knocked your mother-in-law to death
Xiao Gu, where did you get this dress?
Mom, I have a friend who works in the story
This is what he gave.
Auntie, I can't accept this dress.
Take it back
No, nothing else.
I've helped him a lot before, Mom.
Just accept what I gave you.
that
OK.